Docs for k8s Worker (#2416)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/infrastructure/workers/autoscaling-workers/horizontal-scaling.md

Reviewer: I agree with this being wordy :sweat_smile: 
I was going to suggest cutting out paragraphs of this.

Reviewer: The name of this file doesn't match the title

Author: done

---
layout: src/layouts/Default.astro
pubDate: 2024-08-22
modDate: 2024-08-22
title: Scaling Behavior
description: How the worker scales
navOrder: 30
---
We have developed Kubernetes worker as a scalable solution for running your deployment tasks efficiently. The Worker is designed to make the most of your infrastructure resources, minimizing usage when deployments are not active while allowing you to run many deployments simultaneously.

To achieve this, the worker creates temporary pods for each new deployment task. When there are no deployment tasks running, the Kubernetes worker will shrink to just a couple of pods, consuming minimal resources on your cluster. Any released resources can then be utilized by other applications on the cluster.

If you don't have other applications that can make use of the released resources, you can take an additional step towards scalability by configuring the Kubernetes cluster to scale together with the worker, adding and removing nodes as needed.

This article will provide a detailed explanation of how to configure Kubernetes autoscaling with Kubernetes worker.

## Kubernetes Horizontal Scaling
### Default

> In a Kubernetes cluster, a pod creation request includes the resources (cpu/memory) the pod requires.
> If sufficient resources are  not available, the pod is created in the "Pending" state.
> When  required resources are available, the pod is started.
> 
> Resources become available through 2 methods:
> 1. Pod termination, returning the allocated resources to the cluster
> 2. More nodes are added to the cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When creating a pod, you define the resources (CPU/memory) you expect it to consume. The pod begins in the "Pending" phase while the cluster attempts to find a node with enough resources to fit the pod. 

These resources get freed when either:
1. Pods get terminated, returning the resources allocated
2. Nodes get added to the cluster
```
Small rewrite for clarity

Kubernetes decides when to start a pod based on resource _requests_, not usage.
Meaning, if a Pod uses more resources than it requested, other pods may be starved of resources.

When using the inbuilt horizontal-scaler it is important that a pod's requested resources roughly match expected usage. 

## How a Kubernetes worker requests resources
A script-pod requests a default of 2.5% of a CPU core and 100 megabytes of memory (`.Values.scriptPods.resources.requests`).

As such, a kubernetes cluster will (attempt to) provision a new node when **40** script-pods are running simultaneously.
For most cases this will result in a usable system, but it is dependent on the work being performed, and the capabilities
of the nodes.

If the cluster hosting your workers exhibits high CPU load, increasing the script-pod's requested resources may result
in better performance.

Resource requests limits can be defined manually via the `.Values.scriptPods.resources` value, its content follows existing
[Kubernetes structures](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/).

### Advanced Options

> Kubernetes supports [Kubernetes event-Drive Autoscaling](https://keda.sh/) which allows Kubernetes nodes to be added/remove

Reviewer: event driven?

If sufficient resources are  not available, the pod is created in the "Pending" state.
When  required resources are available, the pod is started.

Resources become available through 2 methods:
1. Pod termination, returning the allocated resources to the cluster
2. More nodes are added to the cluster

Kubernetes decides when to start a pod based on resource _requests_, not usage.
Meaning, if a Pod uses more resources than it requested, other pods may be starved of resources.

When using the inbuilt horizontal-scaler it is important that a pod's requested resources roughly match expected usage. 

## How a Kubernetes worker requests resources
A script-pod requests a default of 2.5% of a CPU core and 100 megabytes of memory (`.Values.scriptPods.resources.requests`).

As such, a kubernetes cluster will (attempt to) provision a new node when **40** script-pods are running simultaneously.
For most cases this will result in a usable system, but it is dependent on the work being performed, and the capabilities
of the nodes.

If the cluster hosting your workers exhibits high CPU load, increasing the script-pod's requested resources may result
in better performance.

> ### Advanced Options

Reviewer 3: Is it worth mentioning that the CPU/Memory requests and limits can be customised via the Helm chart? 
You can link to the Kubernetes docs https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/ and say that we provide an 'escape hatch' in the Agent values that allows custom request/limit sizes to be set https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/kubernetes-agent/values.yaml#L139
Note that this works because the whole resource section gets serialised and passed to the pod creator, but you can just mention to either overwrite the `values.yaml` or set them using `--set`.

Reviewer 3: It might also be good to put this in a more prominent section heading e.g. titled "Requests and Limits for the Worker pods" just so people who run into resource management issues can easily find this info via search.
